docs: Describe support for ESM (#4876)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: doc/esm-support.md

Though the OpenTelemetry loader currently relies on `import-in-the-middle`, direct usage of `import-in-the-middle/hook.mjs` may cease to work in the future.
The only currently supported loader hook is `@opentelemetry/instrumentation/hook.mjs`.

**Note:** Eventually the recommendation for how to setup OpenTelemetry for usage with ESM will change to no longer require `--experimental-loader=@opentelemetry/instrumentation/hook.mjs`.
Instead the bootstrap code (in `./telemetry.js`) will use Node.js's newer `module.register(...)`.
Refer to this [issue](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/issues/4933) for details.

Because of ongoing issues with loaders running TypeScript code as ESM in development environments, results may vary.

To use `ts-node` to run the uncompiled TypeScript code, the module must be CJS.
To use `tsx` to run the uncompiled TypeScript code as ESM, the `--import` flag must be used.

## Using the Zero Code Option with `auto-instrumentations-node`

> The `auto-instrumentations-node` package contains a `register` function that must be invoked using `--require` or `--import`.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
The `auto-instrumentations-node` package contains a `register` entry-point that can be used with `--require` or `--import` to setup and start the SDK easily, without application code changes.
```

I'm not sure if the "to setup and start the SDK ..." is out of place. My "nit" was pedantically about "function" vs "entry-point".

For ESM, the package also requires the usage of the loader hook.

Startup command for CJS:

```sh
node --require @opentelemetry/auto-instrumentations-node/register app.js
```

Startup command for ESM:

```sh

> node --experimental-loader=@opentelemetry/instrumentation/hook.mjs --import @opentelemetry/auto-instrumentations-node/register app.js

Reviewer: Side note: It is also fine to use `--require` here, even for ESM support.
I don't think we need to mention that here, however.
